.TH sc 1  "November 28, 2010" "version 2.0" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
sc \- compile or translate SPL application
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sc [options] -M <main-composite>

.B sc [options] --translate -f <dps-file>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR "sc" " is the Stream Processing Language (SPL) compiler for IBM Streams. It is used to compile SPL applications. A successful compilation will result in the generation of Processing Element (PE) binaries and the Application Description Language (ADL) file. The latter can be submitted to the Streams runtime using the " "streamtool" " utility."
.PP
.BR "sc" " can also be used to translate Streams v1 programs into SPL ones, when presented with the " "\-\-translate" " option."
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help 
Display help and exit.
.TP
\-C, \-\-clean-and-suppress 
.RB "Clean compiler generated artifacts and suppress compilation."
.TP
\-F, \-\-use-transport=VALUE  
.RB "Set the default transport protocol to one of " "tcp" ", " "llm_rum_tcp" ", or " "llm_rum_ib"  " (upper case variants also allowed as well). By default, the default transport protocol is " "tcp" "."
.TP
\-I, \-\-no-host-validation      
Do not validate host names that appear in explicit host pools.
.TP
\-J, \-\-suppress-all-but-the-application-model
.RB "Create an xml-based model of the application (" ".adl" " file), but suppress the creation of other application artifacts as well as their build process."
.TP
\-K, \-\-checkpoint-directory=VALUE
Set the directory to be used for checkpointing to the specified path (needs to be a path accessible by all application hosts running PEs that belong to this application).
.TP
\-M, \-\-main-composite=VALUE 
Main composite to use as the root of the expansion. This should be a fully qualified name.
.TP
\-O, \-\-set-relax-fusion-relocatability-restartability
.RB "Do not imply exlocation constraints from restartable and relocatable configs. By default, such implications are taken into account. For instance, if an operator A has " "restartable=false" " and operator B has " "restartable=true" ", they have to be partition ex-located."
.TP
\-P, \-\-profile-all-operators=INT
Set profiling for all operators. The following values are valid:
.br
    \(bu -1: no profiling (default) 
.br
    \(bu  0: profile but do not keep samples
.br
    \(bu >0: profile and keep samples in a reservoir of given size
.TP
\-S, \-\-profiling-sampling-rate=VALUE
Set the sampling rate for profiling to the specified value. The value must be floating point value in the range [0.0,1.0]. The default is 1.
.TP
\-T, \-\-standalone-application 
.RB "Create a standalone application executable. The executable will be named " "standalone" " and can be located under the " "bin" " directory within the output directory.
.TP
\-Z, \-\-max-pe-cpu-fraction=VALUE
Set the maximum PE CPU fraction to be used for profile-driven automatic fusion. The value must be positive (>= 0), and the default is 0.8.
.TP
\-a, \-\-optimized-code-generation
Generate optimized code with less runtime error checking. Furthermore, compile the resulting C++ code at the highest optimization level (With this option, the compilation flags used for C++ are \-O3 and \-NDEBUG for gcc. By default the generated C++ code is compiled with \-ggdb for gcc.). 
.TP
\-c, \-\-clean 
Clean compiler generated artifacts prior to compilation.
.TP
\-d, \-\-default-pool-size=INT
Set the size of the default pool to the specified value. The value has to be non-zero (>0). By default, the default pool is unsized.
.TP
\-f, \-\-spade-dps-file=VALUE
.RB "SPL v1 file (with extension " ".dps" ") to translate into SPL.
.TP
\-g, \-\-debug
.RB "Turn on the stream debugger by adding " "wrapper: sdb" " as a config for the main composite. A wrapper config specified in the source file, if any, takes precedence."
.TP
\-j, \-\-num-make-threads=INT 
.RB "Use the specified number of threads for building the binaries. This is used as the -j parameter to " "make" " during the building of the generated C++ code."
.TP
\-k, \-\-prefer-facade-tuples
Generate facade tuples when possible.
.TP
\-m, \-\-makefile-generation
Generate a default makefile for building the SPL application.
.TP
\-p, \-\-part-mode=VALUE 
Specify the fusion mode. Available options are:
.br 
    \(bu FDEF  - Default fusion (user-controlled)
.br
    \(bu FOPT  - Optimized fusion
.TP
\-r, \-\-num-distcc-remote-hosts=INT
.RB "Set the number of remote hosts to use for distributed compile using " "distcc" ". Available " "build" " hosts are selected for use -- see " "streamtool lsavailablehosts" ". The local node is always part of the compilation."
.TP
\-s, \-\-static-link
Generate statically linked PEs. This is required for SELinux support.
.TP
\-t, \-\-spl-path=VALUE
Set toolkit lookup path(s) to the specified value. Separate multiple paths with ':'. Each path is a toolkit directory, a directory of toolkit directories, or a toolkit list XML file. This option overrides STREAMS_SPLPATH environment variable.
.TP
\-v, \-\-verbose-mode
Put the compiler into verbose mode.
.TP
\-w, \-\-ld-flags=VALUE
.RB "Pass the specified flags to " "ld" " while linking."
.TP
\-x, \-\-cxx-flags=VALUE
Pass the specified flags to the C++ compiler while building.
.TP
\-z, \-\-code-beautification
.RB "Generate nicely formatted C++ code. The " "uncrustify" " tool needs to be available in the system for this feature to work."
.TP
\-\-translate 
Translate from SPL 1 to SPL 2.
.TP
\-\-no-mixed-mode-preprocessing
.RB "Do not pre-process mixed-mode (" ".splmm" ") files."
.TP
\-\-no-toolkit-indexing
Do not perform toolkit indexing in the compilation directory.
.TP
\-\-output-directory=VALUE
Set the directory where the application artifacts are placed to the specified path.
.TP
\-\-data-directory=VALUE 
Set the location of the data directory to be used to the specified path.
.TP
\-\-transport-stat-dir=VALUE
Set the location of the directory to be used for finding transport statistic files to the specified path.
.SH EXAMPLES
Assume the following directory layout:

.nf
    \\_ sample/
         \\_ WordCount.spl
.fi

Further assume that there is a main composite named sample::WordCount defined in the SPL program.
.PP
.TP
1) Generate a make file:

.B sc \-m \-M sample::WordCount

This will result in the following directory layout:

.nf
    \\_ Makefile
       sample/
         \\_ WordCount.spl
.fi

The generated makefile can be used to compile the application by typing 
.BR "make" "."
.PP
.TP
2) Compile an application:

.B sc \-M sample::WordCount

This will result in the following directory layout:

.nf
    \\_ data/
       output/
         \\_ sample.WordCount.adl
            ...
       sample/
         \\_ WordCount.spl
       toolkit.xml
.fi

The generated .adl file can be used to submit the application to the Streams runtime.
.PP
.TP
3) Compile an application as standalone:

.B sc \-T \-M sample::WordCount

This will result in the following directory layout:

.nf
    \\_ data/
       output/
         \\_ bin/
              \\_ standalone
                 ...
            ...
       sample/
         \\_ WordCount.spl
       toolkit.xml
.fi

The generated standalone executable can be run via the command: 
.B ./output/bin/standalone
.PP
.SH EXIT STATUS
.BR "sc" " returns a zero exist status if the compilatoon succeeds. Non zero is returned in case of failure."

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "streamtool" " (1),"
.BR "spl-make-toolkit" " (1)"

