.TH spl-make-toolkit 1  "November 28, 2010" "version 2.0" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
spl-make-toolkit \- index an SPL toolkit
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B spl-make-toolkit [options] -i <toolkit-dir>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR "spl-make-toolkit" " creates a toolkit model (toolkit.xml) from the contents of a toolkit directory."
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help 
Display help and exit.
.TP
\-c, \-\-clean
.RB "Clean compiler generated " ".pm" " files and " "toolkit.xml" "."
.TP
\-d, \-\-description=VALUE
Use the given description for the toolkit. Overrides the value given in info.xml.
.TP
\-i, \-\-directory=VALUE
Set the toolkit directory to be used to the specified path.
.TP
\-m, \-\-make-operator
.RB "Run " "spl-make-operator" " on primitive operators."
.TP
\-n, \-\-name=VALUE
Use the given name for the toolkit. Overrides the value given in info.xml.
.TP
\-r, \-\-product-version=VALUE   
Use the given required product version for the toolkit. Overrides the value given in info.xml.
.TP
\-s, \-\-silent
.RB "Pass --silent to " "spl-make-operator" ". This option is only meaningful for -m."
.TP
 \-v, \-\-version=VALUE           
Use the given version for the toolkit. Overrides the value given in info.xml.
.TP
\-\-no-mixed-mode-preprocessing
.RB "Do not pre-process mixed-mode (" ".splmm" ") files."
.TP
\-\-verbose-model-errors 
Display enhanced operator or function model errors.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.BR "spl-make-toolkit" " returns a zero exist status if the indexing succeeds. Non zero is returned in case of failure."

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "sc" " (1)"

